1. What activities did you do as the driver? What activities did you do as the navigator?
As a driver, I translate pseudo code in my mind and typr the  into real code
As a navigator, I speak out the logic of the code using pseudo code.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of serving in each role?
For driver, the advantage is you get to type yourself and be more familiar with the syntax.
The disadvantage is you may not participate in the formation of the logic of the code thouroughly.
For navigator, the advantage is being able to pseudo code all the logic without worring the possible syntax error, allowing non-interrupted logical thinking.
The disadvantage is the possibility of being unfamiliar of the syntax.

3. How often did you and your partner switch roles? Did you switch often enough?
We switch rolls when we finish one method and tghe corresponding test. I believe we switch often enough as it allows us to each have the experience of both rolls
without interupting the continuous thought frequently.

4. Which is your preferred role and why?
I prefer being the navigator as I am not that familiar with the syntax, so I am often interrupted when coding myself and thus sometime forget the next step.

5. Explain why this is a BAD test case for your method: assertEquals("bird", MedianSolver.median(new String[]{"bird", "cat", "dog", "ant"}))
This string array has a length of 4, whis is an even number. The median of a string array with length of even number can be either the one befor the middle or the one after the middle.
The definition is ambiguous and the result can vary with respect to the method. Therefore this is not a comprehensive test case.

6. Explain how you could change the test to make it "valid" and explain how you could change the specification so that this is considered a "good" test
The tested array can be changed to an array of an odd number of elements. The specification can be changed to: The median element of a string array of even number of elements is the element before the middle.